online the people who already don't like
the president are criticizing him for
coming here President Bush would get the
same thing when he did TV shows it's the
nature of the job I guess especially now
that we have Twitter but I think it's
important to remember that presidents
are people too
and from time to time we give
celebrities a chance to read some of the
mean things people tweet about them and
tonight
we extended that same courtesy to our
commander-in-chief and that's for an all
President Obama edition of mean tweets
Obama's hair is looking gray or these
days can't imagine why since he doesn't
seem to be one bit worried about all
that's going on
is there any way we could fly Obama to
some golf course halfway around the
world and just leave him there well RW
is surfer girl I think that's a great
idea a 30 rack of Coors Light is $23 now
at Sun stop thanks Obama
how do you make Obama's eyes light up
shine a flashlight in his ears that's
pretty good
somebody send Obama some life hacks on
how to be a good president ha ha
like I bet that would help lol you know
the lol is redundant when you have the
ha ha I'm alright with the president
wearing jeans I'm not alright with the
president wearing those jeans can I just
say something yeah I think that's mean
and I don't think there's anything wrong
with the jeans you wear Jimmy I think
they've got a point good have you been
working out hmm hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel are
you sad that the video is over will
subscribe to our YouTube channel and you
will never be sad again ever
you